As the last thing, we'll learn a very useful method to
recycle our data called, K-Fold Cross Validation.
As we have learned, testing is done by separating
our data into a training and a testing set,
but this is not always ideal as we seem to be throwing away
some data that could be useful for training our algorithm.
Is there anything we can do to not throw away these data,
but at the same time not cheat?
Well, here's the solution and this is when K-Fold Cross Validation comes into play.
What we do with K-Fold Cross Validation is to break your data into K buckets.
In this case, K is four.
Then, we just train our model K times.
Each time using a different bucket as our testing set,
and the remaining points as our training set.
Then, we average the results to get a final model.
The command to do this in SKLearn is very simple.
All we have to do is create a K-fold object where
the parameters are the size of the data and the size of the testing set.
It is always recommended to randomize our data to remove any hint of a bias.
Here, we're still splitting our data into buckets
except these are chosen randomly instead of in order.
Randomizing is also easily done in SKLearn by setting
the shuffled parameter to True when we initialize our K-fold object.